Hi. My name is Otto, I am from Klagenfurt, Austria.
And I strongly suggest that if you’re thinking of visiting Greece,
think twice!
It was 2013.
I had a burn out,
so I took a plane to Greece.
From the moment I stepped my foot on that country,
something weird started happening.
It was the first time I was feeling this way…
strange I guess,
a little bit awkward in the beginning.
You know the Greeks…
always trying to connect with you
and all this sea
and sun
and white
tiny houses everywhere!
Look at me!
Can you imagine?
But, no matter where Ι travelled,
it still felt strange.
In some places,
Ι remember
Ι could hear my own breathing.
Anyway, listen!
Think before you go!
Why?
I told you, my friend! It’s that feeling!
Once you’re in Greece,
you’ll want to stay forever!
And maybe you do.